Metal Alchemist
Metal Alchemist
Metal Alchemist
Metal Alchemist
Metal Alchemist
So, you've become a soldier now?
That's why I think it's too early for you to become an alchemist of fire.
Too early?
All this time you've only taught me the basics of alchemy.
Of course.
After all, to teach someone who aspires to become an army man,
for some reason, except for basic concepts, is a waste of time.
But alchemy should serve people, isn't that right?
Now, when there is a threat from neighboring countries over us,
building up their military power to protect the people, alchemy...
Enough, I'm tired of this cheap propaganda.
Sensei, it's unbearable for me to look at you as such a person.
Please, don't look for this.
Please, pass the state certification.
Then you will be able to continue your...
It's no use, I've already achieved perfection.
What do you want to say?
My alchemy does not know the equal.
And could become the most deadly in history.
I am completely satisfied.
For an alchemist, life is an endless search for the truth.
The end of the search is the end of life, alchemist.
That's why my life is over.
Sensei!
Sensei!
Hukai-sensei!
Take care of my daughter.
My research.
They are all on her.
Episode 30. Destruction of Ishivara.
I'm so sorry that you had to organize the father's funeral yourself.
Don't worry about it. It's my duty as a student.
If anything happens, you can find me through the headquarters of the armed forces.
Most likely, I will stay in the army until the end of my life.
With my work, you can die even on the sidelines of the road, just like a waste.
But if I manage to become one of the pillars on which our country is held and protect its inhabitants, I will be happy.
I'm sorry, I was too into her childhood dream.
No, I think it's a wonderful dream.
Can you believe in a world where everyone will be happy?
Can I believe you, the secret of his father?
Hey, Tofu!
I'm sorry.
It's okay, I'm already used to it.
I heard you were appointed by the Führer's adjutant.
Yes.
I didn't shoot a person. I didn't need it.
What did you achieve?
Or rather, I couldn't.
I failed everyone.
Because I was not ready, the others were in danger.
Can you tell me what happened?
The scar.
The one who killed Inri's parents.
But at that moment, I felt that I didn't want this.
It was then that I realized how terrible the weapon was.
Without thinking, I ...
I think she was ready to kill him out of hatred.
I've never seen her cry like that.
What kind of friend am I?
All this time I didn't understand how she was suffering.
You were worried about how you could come back alive.
But you had to survive.
For the sake of your dear man.
To protect her.
You love Inri.
No, nothing like that.
She is just a childhood friend.
We are like family.
No matter how you are, I have to protect her.
I'm sorry.
I gave you what became too heavy a burden.
Senior Lieutenant, isn't it a burden for you?
I have no right to talk about heavy or not heavy burden.
Because in the past I ruined the lives of many people.
Because I chose this path myself.
Ishvara?
Can you tell me about Ishvara?
I want to know what you bastards did in Ishvara.
Ishvara is a land covered with stones and sand.
It is not surprising that religion was born on it with such a harsh smell,
and people developed an incredible power of will.
Many were dissatisfied that their country was annexed by the Meisters.
And then...
One bullet turned this discontent into rage,
instantly grasping the weight of Ishvara.
The uprising grew into a civil war that lasted for seven years.
Its outcome was decided by one order.
By order of Fuhrer No. 3066,
who put an end to the destruction of Ishvara,
I'm sorry.
It was a real hell.
We were surrounded by the gloom of rotting bodies
and the sand soaked with blood.
A infantryman who is fond of fear can let out at least all his strength
and not get into anyone.
But not a sniper.
And when he goes down a hole, someone must die.
There were two types of troops in Ishvara,
each of which turned out to be deadly for the enemy.
This is a sniper.
And state alchemists.
I am Iron-Blooded Alchemist Braskogran.
Iron-Blooded, I am a weapon and a soldier.
If this body is intended not for the battle at the front line,
then what is it for then?
Iron-Blooded Alchemist Braskogran
Be damned Ishvara pigs!
How did you shoot?
Roy! Roy Mustang!
So you're here.
Haven't seen you for a long time.
You know, your look has changed.
How are you?
This is the look of a killer.
Yes.
In the military academy, we talked so much about the future of our country.
Yeah.
About its bright future.
Captain, a letter for you.
Thank you.
Wow!
What's there?
My bright future?
Her name is Gracie.
All this time she's been waiting for me in the capital.
One.
What if another one hits her?
No, it can't be that Gracie left such a cool guy like me.
No, no, no, no, but...
Hughes, I'll give you a friendly advice.
This is a typical stamp in all movies and novels.
The hero who talks so sweetly about his love for the battlefield dies first.
Well, you know.
This helps me survive.
Only these letters will give me hope for tomorrow.
At a war that is not seen at the end.
I don't know if this war will end.
It doesn't matter how many troops are sent here.
The bush absorbs them all like water.
Even if we manage to capture it, what will we get?
Empty sand.
Indeed, what goal can justify all the money spent here for the war?
Long time no see, Major Mustang.
Do you still remember me?
How awful.
Even this girl has a killer's look now.
Fullmetal Alchemist.
Fullmetal Alchemist.
Please tell me, Major.
Why do soldiers who must protect people kill them?
Why does the alchemist, who must bring happiness to people, use it for murder?
Because this is the work of the state alchemist.
Why do soldiers who must protect people kill them?
Because we were given such an order.
Am I wrong?
Do you want to say we should accept this?
Let's think about it.
For example?
You are a young lady, it is written on your face, I do it against my will.
But aren't you proud of your skill, defeating the enemy?
Don't you feel satisfied with the work you have done for a moment?
Sniper-san.
Shut your dirty mouth.
That's who I can never understand, it's people like you.
It hurts to look for justice on the battlefield.
Dressed in your own military uniform, weren't you ready to kill?
So don't take your eyes off death.
Look at her face.
Look at the face of the one you kill.
And remember them.
Because they will never forget you.
Oops, I have to go.
The work is not waiting.
I have to go too.
Good luck, Roy.
Fuse.
Why are you fighting?
In short, I don't want to die, that's all.
The reasons are always simple.
Then what is the reason for the war?
There was a reason for all this.
A terrible reason.
You created the Philosopher's Stone using the lives of our people?
What have you done with it?
Major Zelfo J. Kimble got it from the alchemist.
This man with an icy sword is a great warrior.
He is a great warrior.
He is a great warrior.
He is a great warrior.
He is a great warrior.
The alchemist?
He is a man with an icy look and long black hair,
gathered at the tail?
Yes.
Brother!
And what's next?
Only one decision has changed the course of the war.
What a wonderful sound.
I feel it between each cell of my body.
It makes my drumbeats tremble with pleasure.
What a bliss to hear it on this earth, where it always goes side by side with death.
I love my job!
I love my job!
What a bliss to hear it on this earth, where it always goes side by side with death.
When the end of the destruction campaign became just a matter of time,
the religious leader of Ishvara, Rakrow, presented to the Fuhrer the hope to save his people.
So you want to save tens of thousands of Shvarites at the cost of one of your lives?
Absolutely right!
Who did you think you were?
You think you can equal your life to tens of thousands of others?
Don't be so self-satisfied, man.
One life is equal only to oneself.
No more and no less.
No exchanges.
The destruction will continue.
You're a barbarian!
God will drop his wrath on you!
God, you say?
So what's the matter?
Why, after all this anger, did God not fall on me?
How many more Shvarites do I have to kill to make it happen?
Bastard!
God is just an idol created by weak people who were looking for protection.
If you want to punish me, don't ask for help from God, try to do it yourself, people.
Soon the war will be over.
The battle will be over.
And we will be able to return home.
We are just garbage, aren't we?
Yes.
One man's strength has a limit.
But I will protect everyone I can.
Let it be only a handful of people, the most precious ones.
And they will protect those who are dear to them.
Only a small man can do that.
So, even if you go through the Shvar, you will not get out of this way?
Yes.
If our world really obeys the principle of equal exchange, as the alchemists say,
then even if you go through the corpses, drowning in blood, you are obliged to pay for the fact that our children could enjoy the lives of their loved ones.
I will appoint you to my group.
I want you to cover my back.
Do you understand?
I trust you with my back, so that you can shoot it if necessary.
If I go down the wrong path without thinking, kill me.
After all, you are trained for this.
Are you with me?
Yes.
If this is your wish, I will follow you even to hell.
But even if the colonel becomes the Fuhrer, it will not change the militaristic order of our country.
It is so.
Now the government is only a puppet in the hands of the army.
Someone has to change it so that the power goes to the people.
In order to change, our country must correct all mistakes of the militaristic regime.
Mistakes?
To begin with, the government must sentence those who committed crimes in the name of the destruction of Ishvara.
Yes.
The heroes of military time will be declared serial killers.
The colonel understands this, but still wants to go to the end?
This is suicide!
This is the homunculus in response to the tragedy in Ishvara.
Let the homunculus start the war.
Everything else we did with our own hands.
We must not take our eyes off death.
We must remember those who were killed.
Because they will never forget their executioners.
But...
You still have a lot to do yourself before you worry about us.
You and Alphonse must return to your former bodies.
I'm sure there are a lot of people who are waiting for this.
Yes.
Sal and I will definitely return our bodies.
Thank you for everything, Dr. Knots.
Um, Tospehi-san.
I didn't thank you like that.
Actually, I have a name. Alphonse Elric.
Elric?
You remember Edward Elric, don't you?
From the short school of chemistry.
I'm his younger brother.
But for some reason, my body was taken by him.
If you're the brother of this thing, then you look just like him.
No way!
First of all, I'm much taller than my brother.
I don't have such a scary face, and besides, I'm stronger than him.
And I'm not that dusty at all. I'm a real gentleman.
Alphonse Summer!
I hope you will return your body very soon.
Well, yes.
Me too.
Dr. Marko, it's time to eat.
Well, well, you're so quiet today.
Are you crying in your pillow again, remembering about Chewary?
Huh?
Huh?
Resistance.
Resistance.
Resistance.
Resistance.
Resistance.
Resistance.
The White Devil is released.
A new battle begins.
But the boy will not give up.
He will rise and continue to reach his goal.
Next time on Metal Alchemist.
Episode 31, promised at 520 cents.
A world that only those who fought side by side can understand right in front of us.
