Alchemy is a science that studies the structure of matter, its compression and recreation.
However, it is not omnipotent and does not allow you to create something out of nothing.
In order to get something, it is necessary to replace something equal.
This is the principle of equal exchange, the main basis of alchemy.
Transformation of a person is the main stage of alchemy.
This prohibition is not allowed to violate anyone.
A solid metal alchemist.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
This is the principle of alchemy.
Fight to meet.
The
In order to pass the state attestation, using Nina and Alexander, Tucker creates Chimera.
Now Nina will never be the same.
And Edo will have a painful realization of their own helplessness.
Episode 5. Rain of Sorrow.
Mom! Mom!
What is it, Ed?
A present! I transformed it myself!
Really? You're all from your father!
Thank you! It's just amazing, Ed! You created such a perfect object!
But...
Why couldn't you do me the right way?
Brother!
Let's play!
Are you all right, brother?
Did you have a nightmare?
What happened? Why did you come here so early?
Well...
Well...
I wanted to know what will happen to Tucker and Nina.
Tucker lost his license. Besides, he was supposed to go to court.
But they're both dead.
Dead?
Sooner or later you'll find out anyway, so I won't hide it.
They were killed.
Why? Who?
We don't know.
I'm just going to the crime scene.
We're going with you.
No.
Why?
You'd better not see it.
Looks like we're late.
If we don't catch him soon...
Looks like this murder wasn't a surprise for you.
What do you know?
God sent us this test!
The army is going to destroy us and our faith,
believing in the false rumors that the heretics have been released.
But they won't stop us!
It's time to take up arms and rebel!
In the name of the Almighty God, the Sun, Summer!
Yes, the God of Summer is with us!
Death to the heretics!
Hey, don't let them fool you!
This bastard is deceiving us!
Shut up!
You're spies sent by the heretics, aren't you?
People are hopelessly stupid.
Don't you think so, Gluttony?
Stupid, stupid.
Yes, definitely.
Who came to us? The Founder himself?
The Founder!
I'm sorry to have bothered you.
As soon as we're done here, I'll go back to the city I'm responsible for.
The other boy was in the way of me, but as a result, we were able to take advantage of it.
We're done even earlier than I expected.
You should have listened to a couple of necessary rumors,
and I should have picked up a few believers, and here's the result.
Are people really so predictable?
Hatred causes even more hatred, and dozens follow one murder.
The energy coming from them lets its roots into the ground and cuts out a bloody seal on it.
People are so stupid and pathetic creatures, no matter how many times this has been repeated in history, they don't teach anything.
That's why we manage to manipulate them so easily, don't we?
A lot of people die.
Yes, a lot.
Maybe we'll eat them all later?
No, we can't.
By the way, Envy, how long are you going to stay in this form?
He's ugly.
Come on, he's quite suitable for the local situation.
But if you want to turn into someone young and beautiful, yes?
Monster!
What's going on here?
Founder!
What happened to the real Founder?
What are we going to do?
He called me a monster.
It's outrageous.
Can I eat him?
By the way, I heard that Shoe Tucker from the Eastern city was killed.
Tucker?
So what?
What's the matter with this little girl?
No, the problem is not in Tucker at all.
It was done by that guy again.
So the Eastern city.
I wonder if there was a fiery colonel there.
There was.
And it seems that the whole metal bean is also there.
Whole metal?
I'm furious that he dared to interfere in our work.
But we can't let him die.
After all, he is a valuable human sacrifice.
Thank you, it was very tasty.
Well, we'll have to deal with it.
And once again, what's the name of that guy?
A scar?
A man with a scar?
Yes, we don't know anything about him, so we gave him this nickname.
We have no idea what his goals are, but we won't catch him.
I'm sure we know only one thing.
He has a huge scar on his face.
I was told about him.
So who are you pursuing?
This case fell on us from the management of the military police.
And we already have a lot of work in the military court.
From all this, the head is going around.
Only in the capital, he has already committed five murders and ten in the country.
All the victims are state alchemists.
And five days ago, he killed the old man Grano.
General-Major Grano?
You're a master of hand-to-hand combat and the best in the transformation of weapons.
Now you understand how dangerous he is.
For the sake of your own good, increase the security and don't get on the edge.
Listen to your old friend.
After all, the only famous alchemist besides you is Wukong Ybaltahir.
Shit!
I'm thinking all the time, what is this alchemy that we believe in?
Alchemy teaches that if you represent an object in the form of a stream,
you can decompose it into parts and then recreate it again.
Our world is also a stream.
What flows in a circle and obeys certain laws.
Death is an integral part of the stream.
Take the flow in all its manifestations.
Isn't that what our teacher constantly repeated?
It seemed to me then that I understood.
But I didn't understand a damn thing.
That's why I tried to explain it to you.
That's why I tried to resurrect my mom.
And even now I keep thinking how to fix what is already impossible to fix.
I'm a fool.
I almost didn't remember since then.
I thought that the rain would get rid of these thoughts.
But with every drop falling on my face, it only gets worse.
I don't have a body and I can't even feel how the rain hits my skin.
It causes pain.
I still want to return my old body.
I want to be human again.
Let it be impossible.
Let it contradict the laws of this world.
You, Edward Elric, are a solid metal alchemist, aren't you?
Brother!
What the hell?
Who the hell is this guy?
This is bad! Bad!
I need to run! Bad! Very bad!
Al, run!
Al!
I won't let you get away!
Brother!
Al, hold on!
Al!
Damn it!
What the hell?
What did I do to deserve this?
Okay, I've done a lot of things.
But I didn't do anything that needs to be killed.
Dex!
Who the hell are you?
Why are you following us?
How should I put it?
If there are creators like you in this world,
there will be a place for destroyers.
Looks like you're not going to get away with it.
You've got some guts, though.
Take this.
You're not fast enough.
Al!
It's for free.
www.nidap.com
He's empty.
Son of a bitch!
Too slow.
What the hell?
Auto armor.
I see.
I can't destroy it with the destruction of the flesh.
You're a weird couple.
Brother, don't!
Run!
He's coming!
You think I can just leave you and run away?
So you're turning into a hand and transforming?
Then...
First, I'll destroy one extra hand.
Brother!
Now you won't be able to use alchemy.
I'll give you time to pray to God.
Brother, run!
Brother!
Unfortunately, there is no God that I could pray to.
All you need is me.
I'm going to kill you.
I'm going to kill you.
I'm going to kill you.
I'm going to kill you.
Or are you going to kill my brother Alla, too?
If he gets in my way, I'll kill him.
But God will take care of my hand and only you,
a solid metal alchemist, will be able to do it.
I see.
Then promise me
that you won't touch my brother with your finger!
Brother!
I promise.
What are you talking about, brother?
What are you doing?
Run away from here!
Get up, run!
Wait!
Wait!
Stop!
You bastard!
Enough!
You've had enough of this, Schramm.
You're under arrest for suspicion
of serial murder of state alchemists.
Alchemists distort the truth and the essence of things.
This is a crime against the creator of all things, against God.
As a messenger of God, I do justice.
If you get in my way, I'll destroy you.
How interesting.
Don't interfere with anyone.
Colonel Mustang!
Mustang, the fire alchemist?
You came with the punishment yourself,
saving me from trouble with your search.
What a good day!
You're trying to find out who I am?
Stupid!
Hey, what do you think you're doing?
Colonel, stay back.
You're absolutely helpless in rainy days.
Exactly.
He can't get out of the circle when he's lost to the thread.
How lucky that you can't use your flame,
state alchemist.
Each of you who interferes with my mission will be destroyed.
This is my mission.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You escaped from my mission and will be destroyed.
We'll see.
Support?
You have been able to avoid my attack.
Not bad, very good.
You said you want to destroy us all, isn't it?
Try to beat me first.
The mightiest alchemist Alex Allow ARMSTRONG.
One after the other,
that's Godly behavior.
So you won't back down?
That's a sign of respect for your bravery.
I'll demonstrate to you the technique that has been passed down from generation to generation in the Armstrong dynasty in the art of alchemy.
Who is he?
The one who killed the Shoe Taker.
Is that him?
Major, please try not to destroy the entire city!
What did you say?
Destruction and creation, like two sides of one coin!
Destroy and create!
That's the law of the universe!
Why is he naked?
That's the logic of the madman.
Nevertheless, other alchemists will not read this madness.
Isn't that right, Ram?
You mean he's also an alchemist?
Exactly! The process of transformation into alchemy consists of three stages.
Analysis, decomposition and recreation.
But he stops at the second stage, at decomposition.
He's also an alchemist.
But that means he himself left the glorious path of the Lord.
And why is he only hunting for alchemists with a state license?
He's too fast for a man with such physicality and strength.
And also his alchemy.
He's not an easy opponent, but...
Now you're cornered!
He's thinking too long.
Now!
He retreated!
Got him?
He's fast.
And the bullet just scratched him.
Red-eyed slug!
Is it boiling?
Looks like I'm surrounded.
Don't move, you have nowhere to go.
That bastard! He's lost his mind in the analysis.
Don't follow him.
You can think I'll go after this psychopath.
Sorry.
You took the time for us to surround him, but...
No, I wasn't trying to win time.
I was just thinking about how to stay alive.
Oh, is it over already?
Lieutenant Colonel Hughes!
Where have you been?
Hiding?
Hey, do you want to cover us up?
Shut up!
Don't drag a simple guy into your wild circus!
Hey, why are you so tired of this blow?
Don't you have anything to do?
Plan to intercept the whole city and give it to all the posts.
Yes, sir!
Alphonse!
Alphonse!
Al!
Are you okay, Al?
So these are the students of Alicia H Bootle?
It looks like we know a lot about them.
Al, Alphonse!
Why didn't you run when I told you to stop?
Stupid nitwit!
But I couldn't just reject you.
And that's why you're an idiot!
What?
If I ran away, he could kill you!
Maybe I won't kill you, but an idiot can just sit and wait for death.
Stop calling your older brother an idiot!
I'll call him as much as I want!
Survive, continue to live and study alchemy.
Only this way you can return our bodies, and maybe you'll learn how to help people like Nina.
And you throw away all opportunities and choose death.
I would never forgive you for this.
Well, my hand fell off, stupid brother!
He did us a favor.
What a pity.
But we are alive.
Yes, definitely.
And this is really a wild circus.
Sorry, I hid it from you.
Don't worry, I'll keep it in secret from the command.
We will have problems if they find out about this.
Yeah.
We made up the story about Edward's body, but we can hardly explain to them what happened to the younger brother.
And now more.
A dangerous person hunts for them.
Ishwarit, right?
Ishwarit is a race that lived in the east.
They worshiped their one creator, Ishwar God.
After they entered the composition of our country, there were sometimes conflicts.
But 13 years ago, one officer accidentally shot an Ishwar child.
This served as the beginning of the Civil War.
Violence led to new violence, and soon the Civil War was enough for all eastern lands.
After seven years of exhausting war, the Fuhrer gave the order to destroy Ishwar.
And many state alchemists were sent there as live weapons.
State alchemists achieved outstanding results.
That's why the one who survived the Ishwar battle has the full right to wish for revenge.
What nonsense!
What right does he have to take revenge if innocent people suffer at the same time?
He covers his unchanging thirst for revenge with the name of God and thinks that he is doing a noble deed.
No matter how it is, he wants to kill us.
And it's too early for us to die.
Next time there will be no talks, we must destroy him.
Yes!
Ed, Al, what are you going to do next?
We will continue to move forward while we are alive, we will not stop.
Brother, first of all, you need to fix my hand so that I can restore your body.
After all, I alone know how your soul is connected to the armor.
Indeed, it seems that we have no choice.
Will I have to visit my mechanic?
We haven't been there for a long time.
The continuation follows.
Translation into Russian, Weiss, text, Italian cord and noir.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
site www.anidap.com
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
The video is intended for free home viewing.
element
The infected eaters do not appear in映enburg.
The infected eaters do not appear in映enburg.
And in front of them again appears a philosophical fireplace that hides another terrible secret.
Next time in the goal on the metal alchemist.
Episode 6. The trail of hope.
Wind walking on the hills at sunset. What will he bring to the boy?
