Alchemy is a science that studies the structure of matter and its compression and recreation. However, it is not omnipotent and does not allow you to create something out of nothing.
In order to get something, it is necessary to replace something equal. This is the principle of equal exchange, the main basis of alchemy. The transformation of a person is the main stage of alchemy. And this prohibition is not allowed to violate anyone.
A solid metal alchemist.
This is the principle of alchemy.
Ed and Al meet Mark, a man with a philosophical stone, albeit unfinished.
Ed and Al meet Mark, a man with a philosophical stone, albeit unfinished.
Ed's words touched Mark's heart, and he told him where the materials of his research were hidden.
So, having restored his armor, Ed stands in front of the first building of the Central State Library, where the records of Dr. Mark are stored.
All the materials of Mark's research!
It was impossible to find them, so I burned down the whole building.
Why did you go to the capital?
Isn't that what I'm trying to explain to you now? The steel boy found out about Mark's research.
As soon as I finished there, I returned to the eastern city, but...
How is he?
Gluttony?
I can feel it! I can feel it!
And it's boiling right next to the blood that spilled!
Can I eat it?
With all the guts!
Episode 7. The Hidden Truth
After the attack on the Felricks brothers, there was not a single report about the location of Sharama.
It seems that he is no longer in the eastern city.
What if it is really so?
What?
If we confuse the case with which we failed even in the capital, my reputation will increase.
I will use any opportunity to rise higher until I become a Fuhrer and get full power over the army.
Be careful with such statements.
Yes, I am very careful.
Excuse me!
There was just a report of an explosion on the embankment!
What?
Is this an explosion of gas? I have no idea.
Lately, it's getting dangerous here.
No doubt. This is Sharama's clothes.
We have already found the body.
The investigation is still going on, but...
In any case, judging by the traces of blood, it is unlikely that he got out of here alive.
But until we find the body, we cannot be sure of this.
Lieutenant Havok?
Yes?
Continue to clean up the rubble with your people.
Day and night, without sleep and rest.
Get me the body of this bastard at any cost.
What? Spare me?
Do you want our death?
Shut up!
Until I see his naked body with my own eyes, I will not be able to calmly go on a date.
Now I understand.
He still got out.
I let go of my food.
Okay, okay. Another time, okay?
Even if we manage to get rid of him, Sharama will not be able to go far.
I have to go back to the capital again.
I have to report to Sharama's father.
They burned to the ground.
Major Armstrong!
Oh, Lieutenant-Ross and Sergeant Brosch!
How did you get here?
We are here at the order of the central headquarters.
We are entrusted with ensuring the safety of Edward Lyric Donohue.
Okay, I got it.
What the hell?
I was just glad that we can get rid of this pretentious old man.
So we were presented with two more.
About the library.
It seems that I know one person who is known for everything that was stored in the first building.
True, she has already been fired.
On the fishless ass of the ravens.
Is something wrong?
Maybe this question will seem rude, but why are you wearing armor?
This is cosplay!
Cosplay?
Cosplay?
Lieutenant, what is this?
Some strange children.
Look, what a beauty!
Everything is so huge! Yes, brother?
What the ...? There are whole mountains of books here!
Does anyone really live here?
Jessica-san, are you home?
Jessica-san!
Anyone?
Help!
Brother, a man!
A man fell!
Dig! Hold on!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
I accidentally dropped all these books on myself!
I thought I was done!
Thank you very much!
So you are Jessica?
Yes.
Did you work in the first building?
The first building!
How many pleasant memories!
I loved books since I was born!
And when I was admitted there, I was in the seventh heaven of happiness!
But I forgot that I had to work.
I was constantly reading books, so I was fired.
But I really need a job to transfer my mother to a good hospital!
I'm such a dark book!
The only thing I can do is read books!
No matter how much I look, I can't find a job!
In fact, I'm such a useless, real waste of society!
I would like to ask you one question!
Do you know anything about the research of a scientist named Tim Mark?
Tim Mark?
Tim Mark...
Yes, I remember!
Really?
Not only were they written by hand, but they were also lying on that shelf!
I remember them perfectly!
They really were there!
But now they have turned into ashes!
Did you want to read these manuscripts?
Yes, but now it's impossible!
Thank you and sorry for your concern!
But I remember them perfectly!
What?
Well, I mean, I remember every book I read!
What?
It takes time, but I can make a copy for you!
Thank you, Ms. Bookworm!
I'm a worm?
This is a copy of the manuscript!
This is a copy of the manuscript of Tim Mark!
I'm sorry!
It was not an easy job, so it took me five days!
There are really incredible people in the world, right, brother?
Is this the research of Mark?
Yes, undoubtedly!
A thousand dishes of Tim Mark's modern culinary!
Add a little water and a tablespoon of sugar!
This is really modern culinary!
Hey!
How can this be your document?
Believe it or not, but I reproduced it word for word!
It seems we spent all this time in vain!
So everything Mark wrote here is word for word?
Yes!
I'm sure!
You're great!
Thank you!
Great!
Let's take it to the library!
Yes!
There are other books we need!
Uh-huh!
Oh yes!
A sign of gratitude!
Lieutenant Rhodes!
Here is a registration code and a silver watch as a personal ID!
Take this amount from my annual fund and give it to Chesky!
So I need to go to the Department of State Alchemists at the Führer's office?
Exactly!
Chesky, thank you very much!
Bye!
From his research fund?
This is a whole condition!
How can you spend so much money?
Who is this child?
Are these recipes really a manuscript of alchemists?
Alchemy is very dangerous if you use it with evil intentions!
In order not to allow this, research materials are encrypted!
Only the author will be able to understand their true content!
For an ordinary person, this is just a culinary book!
This code hides information about alchemy of the highest level!
But if only the author can understand!
How are you going to decrypt this manuscript?
With the help of knowledge and intuition, it remains only to be patient!
I would never have guessed!
There is a whole section dedicated to pigeons!
Pigeons?
Could it be that ...
Yes!
Green lion!
This may have something to do with the stone!
Did you bring a manuscript of Flamel or a book about the philosopher's stone Lampspring?
Of course!
Okay, look here!
And here too, right?
Oh, right!
And this too, right?
Yeah!
Great! Let's do it!
Sounded for free viewing!
site anida.com
This damn code will never be solved!
Brother, maybe we should just ask Mark-san?
No!
It doesn't matter what to give up!
And what's going on here?
Ah ...
Shishka?
Edward Sen!
Thanks to you, I was able to put Mom in one of the best hospitals in the capital!
Thank you very much!
Come on, it's not worth it!
Did you manage to decrypt this?
Did you manage to find a job?
Thanks to you, even such a useless person like me could be useful to someone!
Thank you!
You are not a useless person at all!
To be able to fully devote yourself to some business is already a talent!
Moreover, you have incredible memory!
You should not be so daring!
Thank you!
Yo!
Lieutenant Colonel Hughes!
Major Armstrong told me that you are back!
Well, how are you?
Didn't I ask you to visit me when you return from the capital?
Well, I had a lot of things to do!
Oh, I also had a lot of things to do!
They talk to the lieutenant colonel like old friends!
Who are they?
Are they children?
Oh my God!
Recently, so much crap has happened!
And I haven't revealed the chemistry of the attacker yet!
Oh, sorry!
I shouldn't have reminded you of this!
Besides, now ...
We have a lot of work to do!
The first corpus burned to the ground!
The first corpus?
Yeah, all our protocols were stored there!
It stopped us all the work!
What is it?
What about her, Lieutenant Colonel?
This girl is just looking for a job!
Well, I read it and remembered all the criminal cases!
Great!
Then proceed immediately!
We have a great salary!
This is ...
Thank you very much!
I will try my best!
Thank you very much!
It's time to work!
This old man is just some kind of kidnapper!
Eh, to be able to fully devote yourself to some business is already a talent!
Well, you moved, bro!
Just when I look at someone ...
I understand that this is the truth!
Okay, it's time for someone to take up the case again and work without giving up!
Hey!
The library is closing!
Ten days have already passed!
And they are working every day to close it!
What the hell, dog?
Did you have a fight?
Because I can't hold it!
I can't hold it!
I can't hold it!
I can't hold it!
I can't hold it!
It's all because you can't decipher them!
Do not despair.
We decrypted ...
We decrypted them!
Really?
That's good!
What's good here?
Damn!
Devil studies!
Knowledge that should not have been sought!
This knowledge is monstrous, Marcus!
What?
The raw material for the Philosopher's Stone is ...
living people!
Moreover, it is said that in order to create a perfect stone, it is necessary to increase the number of victims.
I can't believe that such a thing was done with the permission of the army.
It's unforgivable.
Don't tell anyone about this.
But...
I beg you.
Forget about this conversation.
What?
The Elric brothers didn't leave the room all day again?
Yes, they even refused to eat.
They were probably broken and tired.
They invested all their strength and soul in this.
What if we think about the content of the documents that they deciphered with such difficulty?
Exactly, it's disgusting for me to think about it myself.
About what?
No, not about anything.
Not about anything.
Brother, go at least eat something.
I don't want to.
I don't want anything.
What?
OK, is she the only one who has theуculean mustache?
局
I don't want anything.
How?
As soon as I think that I have found a solution, it immediately slips away from me.
And that's when I finally got an answer, he just knocked me down.
It seems that God really hates those who have broken the taboo.
Will we really live the rest of our days like this?
I wanted to tell you something for a long time, but I was afraid to talk to you about it all the time.
What?
Brother Elric, are you here?
Friends, will you open this door for me?
What are we going to do?
It's obvious.
I found out about everything, Edward Elric.
What a tragedy!
Just think what a terrible secret is hidden in a philosophical stone.
I'm sorry.
He was so big and scary.
Just think that the army hides such terrible deeds.
It's scary to imagine that such things can be true.
True?
What is it, brother?
Do you remember what Marcus said?
Perhaps you will be able to see the truth hidden behind the truth.
The truth hidden behind the truth, right?
There must be something else in his research.
What lies on the surface is only one side of the truth.
There is something else.
Something that we missed.
Currently, there are four research laboratories in the capital.
One of them was attached to Marcus.
And it is the most suspicious.
I checked these laboratories as soon as I received a government license.
None of them is doing something really important.
What kind of building is this?
This is the fifth research laboratory.
But it has been closed for a long time.
Entry is prohibited because of the threat of collapse.
This is it.
Why did you decide that?
There is a prison in the neighboring building.
So what?
What kind of material is in the philosophical stone?
These are living people.
Are there sentenced to death in this prison?
They are presented as if they were executed.
It is impossible to use prisoners as raw materials.
Don't look at me like that.
I don't mind thinking about it myself.
If prisons are involved in this, I'm afraid that the government is involved here.
It seems that they put their noses where they shouldn't.
That's why we asked you to forget about this conversation.
This could lead to a serious political scandal.
I'll start the investigation.
Abakar, you're locked up.
Lieutenant, Sergeant.
Yes, sir.
And you two stay here.
You were going to sneak into the building and sniff everything there, weren't you?
No, nothing like that.
It's a joke.
Entry is prohibited.
The clock tower near the abandoned building.
Suspicious.
How do we get there?
Let's make a passage.
Will the sparks from the reaction attract attention?
In this case ...
Oops!
Everything is done here too.
Ala, wait here.
Can you handle it alone?
I don't know if I can handle it.
You can't get through here anyway.
I'm so big, not because I wanted it.
You're dirty.
66.
What do you want, 48?
We have guests.
I'm holding a guy, some kind of adventurer.
Damn, this is worse than I thought.
If I had normal height, I would never get through here.
It's so good that I'm so small.
I called myself small!
The light is on.
It's been closed for a long time.
Bingo.
Brother, you're something for a long time.
The continuation follows.
Translation into Russian.
Vice and Mata Hata.
Text by Chitalyan Kort and Noir.
The video is intended for free home review.
www.anidap.com
www.anidap.com
www.anidap.com
The one who is proud of his fencing skills has appeared.
And the one who considers himself a traitor,
the two laughing in the dark,
the blade that tasted like blood,
cannot be stopped.
Next time on Metal Alchemist.
Episode 8.
The fifth research laboratory.
Those who enjoy the battle
and those for whom life is above all.
Call me.
