I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Nina
When a person wants to get something, he needs to sacrifice something.
Thus, if you want to get something, you must give something equal in return.
In alchemy, this is called the law of equal exchange.
At that time, we believed that this was the truth that ruled the world.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Come on, let's go through the heart broken by love.
Hey, General, why are you so gloomy?
The lieutenant colonel is dealing with a serious matter.
A serious matter?
A serial killer.
A victim of a woman.
This is the job of the police.
To leave everything as it is to kill the one who slipped from under the nose is an insult to the honor of the army.
Hmm, I see, a career does.
If the lieutenant colonel were to treat those people who would go for everything for the sake of a career, we would not go after him.
Well, what does that mean?
You'll understand soon.
To be continued
Brother, this is ...
Hey, wait, wait, come back, come back, come back, this is not a toy.
Well, he's playing again.
Come back, come back, come back, come back, come back.
Now everyone is only talking about this.
In 12 years to pass the qualification exam, just think.
There are geniuses in the world.
Well, today, in honor of Edward's exam, we will hold a celebration.
Wow!
Maybe join us?
I still have work.
Yes, Mr. Tucker.
I have a message for you from the lieutenant colonel.
The day of confirmation is approaching.
He is waiting for him with impatience.
I see.
Confirmation?
License of a state alchemist?
Yes.
If once a year I do not read about my research and do not receive an assessment, then I will be taken away with a license.
Oh, how difficult.
Last year I did not get good grades, so I have to try.
You will get it, dad.
Is this still an alchemist who understands human speech?
When you finish, will you show us?
Yes, of course, I promise.
As soon as I finish work, I'll show it right away.
The letter?
Who are you writing to?
What does it matter who I write to?
Probably Winry.
It's just a blackmail.
The state became a state alchemist.
As expected.
Winry, is this your bride?
If honestly...
No! No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
I will also write a letter to my mom.
What?
Your mother is somewhere far away, isn't she?
Yeah.
Mom said that Dad is bad, so she had a fight with him and went to see her parents.
And she will send me an answer.
It's...
My wife couldn't bear the poverty in which we lived and decided to leave.
Not long before I became a state alchemist,
if they take away my license, it will be like before.
I must keep my license.
Daddy, you should try.
I got it, I got it.
I got it, I got it.
I got it, I got it.
I got it, I got it. Let's go for a walk.
No, no, it's too superficial.
I want to know about the alchemy that Mr. Tucker did two years ago.
Hey, Cheska, do you know anything?
Mr. Tucker's account has no access.
Check carefully. I'm not an ordinary reader.
I don't mean that.
There is no permission from Brigadier General Gran.
General Gran?
You don't know about the Ironblood alchemist?
He was the first to use alchemy for military purposes.
He was the first to use alchemy for military purposes.
If you need his permission, it means it's a military secret.
Military secret?
No, wait.
The first section of the library is intended only for state alchemists.
Who doesn't have military permission?
I was told that there is only what I need here.
Hey, wait.
What do you want?
Excuse me, but there are some rules here.
What?
Hey, wait.
Brother, I don't understand.
What is this alchemy that we despise?
Don't you hurry.
What shall we do with a)(inaudible), dumbo!
Alisha, it's St. Brother.
Dear man, listen carefully to Ed.
Feel family-like.
So, about the Alchemist Tucker...
Yeah?
Yeah.
You're from the investigation department, I thought you knew something.
Maybe you can ask him yourself?
He seems to be very busy.
Hmm.
I don't really know anything either.
They say that for the first time in history, Tucker created a chimera that understands speech and speaks human language.
Are you sure?
She was sure to say one phrase, I want to die.
Hmm.
Then she refused to take food and died.
Why did Tucker decide to create her?
Who knows?
At least in the army, someone decided that it had practical value.
And what about Tucker's wife?
Huh?
She seems to have died before he came to the headquarters.
Or not?
Oh.
Hello?
This is Hugh.
Is this the serial killer?
Mom!
Mom!
It's already five.
I didn't find anything in the investigation department.
Don't translate the arrows.
Mom!
Mom!
Hey.
What happened?
Hey!
Ah!
It seems that you saw something terrible.
It's okay now.
You called mom all the time and apologized for something.
When I saw your bodies, I thought differently.
Mom!
So, mom, you had a hard time.
In fact, what you did is unforgivable.
But I understand your feelings.
Hey, who are you?
I don't know what Mustang told you.
I am Bas Gran, in charge of the work of Schottacher.
Bas Gran?
Is that you?
The research of the alchemist who connects life is one of the biggest military secrets.
Foreign access to them is prohibited.
Brother, where are you going?
Soon we will come to play with you.
Really?
Yes.
Yes.
Agreed.
Not hurt?
This guy even demonstrated his skill in transmutation without an alchemical circle.
They say even the Fuhrer himself praised him.
Thanks to this jump, Mustang earned points again.
I cause you so much trouble.
Last year we managed to deceive them.
However, if this year there will be no results again, my situation will change,
because I support you.
But...
Or do you want to give the title of alchemist to this guy and return to your previous life?
Chatting from city to city, with a hungry stomach and with empty pockets.
That's it, you're in the dead end.
Confirmation of the license will be after tomorrow.
Dad!
Something hurts?
Bad.
My business.
Nina.
Dad.
Dad.
What if they take away the license you tried so hard to get for this?
If there is nothing there, well, okay.
Okay.
Dad.
Come here.
Come in.
Look.
Here is the finished product, alchemist who understands human speech.
Well, his name is Edward.
Edward.
Yes, yes, well done.
Well done.
Unbelievable, and he's telling the truth.
I barely managed to confirm.
Now I can not worry about the costs for research.
Edward.
Edward.
Enough.
Brother Ed.
Brother.
Mr. Tucker.
What's the matter?
When did you first create the alchemist who understands human speech?
I already told you two years ago.
And when did your wife disappear?
Two years ago already?
And the letters to your wife still come?
What do you want to say?
Where did Alexander and Nina go?
I hate smart boys.
Brother.
So what?
Your wife?
This time the daughter and the dog were used to create the alchemist.
Using a person is easy to do.
Why are you angry?
In medicine, for example, the progress of mankind became possible thanks to countless experiments on animals.
Shut up!
Do you think they forgive such things?
Is it possible to play with human life like that?
Human life?
That's what human life is like.
Your hand and foot, the body of your younger brother,
aren't they the result of your games with human life?
Why, Mr. Tucker?
Did you have to go through the confirmation of the license not to continue your life with Nina?
There are no particular reasons why I created the alchemist.
This opportunity just flashed before my eyes and I got caught.
The alchemist who understands human speech.
I just wanted to try to do it.
Don't you dare.
Even knowing the strict prohibition, it is difficult to resist not to try the transmutation of a person.
I'm just like you.
No!
Scientists, people, have always been caught by the unbeatable desire to use their knowledge in practice.
How great is the power that you have.
To learn all the secrets of this world and test them.
This is the true meaning of alchemy.
We, alchemists, are such...
No!
No!
Here you are!
Here you are!
Here you are!
He will die!
No!
Brother.
Nina, maybe it will hurt a little.
But you have to be patient.
Ed, do you want to have a reverse transmutation?
We are not...
My alchemist transmuted completely.
No one can return her the same look.
Be careful not to turn out like with mom.
Let's play.
Play.
Nina.
What's going on here, Edward Elric?
What's going on here, Edward Elric?
This guy is my own daughter.
To deal with the stalker and the alchemist is entrusted to the military tribunal.
And you don't talk about what you saw here.
Wait!
You knew what the stalker was doing!
And now you're trying to get rid of Elric!
Let's go!
Yes!
I won't let them get away!
I won't!
Nina!
Ed!
Nina!
Ed!
You...
Now it's hard to separate an animal from a human.
Why do I even understand this?
Unhappy...
God, great God, creator of all of us...
Please, accept your embrace.
This is an accident.
Brother!
Nina...
God, I understand.
I understand why the elder brother gave me this cursed hand.
To destroy the alchemists in Vasya's house.
To destroy the alchemists who rebelled against the divine path.
With the help of their devilish methods.
It seems that some alchemist has broken up.
But how?
Probably, if we tried, it would not matter.
I'm sorry.
Nina, I'm sorry.
Brother...
Nina...
Nina...
I can't go back.
Even now, inside my heart.
There is no sin, but...
Who?
Steel Alchemist!
The eighth episode of Philosophical Stone.
We are just children who can't do anything.
But we...
