Tsaryaka
Naruto
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say
Strongly running through the darkness
Fighting
Loving
Endless
What the heck
I wanna microphone
The village of Kanoha-gakure, hidden in the forest, is a village in which a huge number of superior ninjas have grown up.
And even the most daring boy in the village, Utsumaki Naruto, also strives to become a first-class ninja.
His special technique is a seduction technique, Eroki no Jutsu, but he has a secret that he himself does not suspect.
A long time ago, a demon, a nine-tailed fox, attacked the village and almost destroyed it.
This monster was sealed in Naruto's body.
For this reason, adult people from the village hate him, calling him a fox monster.
This is a good sign. If he becomes a shinobi, it will be terrible.
Now you can open your eyes. Congratulations on passing the exam.
However, even this insatiable Naruto, thanks to my compassion, has successfully completed the ninja school.
And now he is taking the first steps on his path as a ninja.
And basically, when performing the ninja task, three people are a team.
Uchiha Sasuke, the last descendant of the famous Kanoha-gakure clan Uchiha in the village,
a young man who fiercely competes with Naruto.
Haruno Sakura, a kunaitik who experiences love feelings for Naruto.
Together with these two ninja newcomers, Naruto performs a task.
They are protected and led by Hatake Kakashi, who is also known as the copying ninja,
and also knows the greatest number of techniques in the village of Kanoha.
One day, Naruto and the company started a task to protect the famous bridge builder Tatsuno from the country of waves.
However, for the life of Tatsuno, a man named Gato, who wants to capture the country of waves, tried many times.
I will destroy you!
And Gato hired a terrible man to deal with Tatsuno.
Momotetsu Zabu-zu, a ninja fugitive from the village of Kiri-gakure, hidden in the fog.
His special skill is quiet killing, and he has long been known for successfully killing many people with his help.
Naruto and the team bravely tried to resist the attack of the Zabu-zu.
Hey you, shameless freak!
Bring yourself a new informant, a man who will become Hokage at any cost, the village of Konoha-gakure, Utsumaki Naruto!
Too naive!
Shuriken, pull Shuriken.
Shuriken?
Me?
However, thanks to the well-coordinated work of Naruto and Sasuke, the situation has changed dramatically.
Kakashi copied the technique of the Zabu-zu with the help of the Serengan technique and caused a disturbance in the Zabu-zu.
Me?
What the ...?
Is this his Genzutsu?
Zabu-zu!
Shuriken!
Daibakfu no Zutsu!
The removal of the water of the Great Waterfall Technique!
This is the end.
The last blow was delivered by the persecuting ninja, a young man from the village of Kirigakure.
I have to destroy this body, as it has a lot of secrets.
I say goodbye to this.
But this guy, Haku, turned out to be a friend of the Zabu-zu.
Are you sure you should try again?
Next time I will not surrender to the Serengan.
Kakashi, who had guessed that the Zabu-zu was alive, prepared a special training for Naruto and his team to prepare them for the next fight with the Zabu-zu.
And after a week ...
This is fog.
Sasuke, Sakura.
Here they are.
It looks like you have an opponent, right, Haku?
It looks like it.
The time has come.
It's coming.
It's coming.
It's coming.
The time has come.
Secret technique.
Well, I'll start.
Catch!
It's coming.
It's coming.
Utsumaki Naruto!
The time has come!
Unpredictable number one!
Naruto's participation in the fight!
Now, when I come, everything will be fine.
Naruto!
The main characters in the stories usually appear just in such situations and immediately rub their asses against the enemy!
This is that milk-sucker.
You talk too much.
What an idiot.
What's the point of such a hero if in such a situation you don't get the enemy in trouble?
That guy.
What are you doing here in the morning?
I'm training.
Why are you training?
I want to become stronger.
Well, let's start.
Kagebun technique!
Oh, no!
Get away, Naruto!
What?
He saved himself.
He was very lucky that both enemy attacks hit each other.
What are you doing, Naruto?
Have you ever seen idiots who would use their techniques standing right in front of the enemy's eyes?
The essence of shinobi is cunning, because in one way or another he is deceiving the enemy.
If you are going to use some kind of technique, you must confuse the enemy, act unexpectedly and attack from behind.
And the way you tried to portray the hero is more like you came to become Mishanyu.
Oh, come on! I came to save them, and they...
But that worries me the most.
Oh, you...
Hokaku, what are you thinking?
Zabuza-san, allow me to fight this guy according to my rules.
What?
So you want to tell me not to interfere, Hokaku?
You are naive, as always.
You are...
You are...
You are...
You are...
You are...
You are...
You are...
I'm sorry.
I'm naive?
Of course.
Even looking at these wounds, these thousands of attacks, I'm already...
But he still hasn't touched a single vital area.
He wants to beat me to death?
Well, if that's the case, then I'll finish you off first!
It's useless. It's too hard for Naruto. I'd better do it myself.
Oh, don't even think about it.
You understand what will happen to Grandpa if you move out of place.
It's true. If I leave this place and move towards Naruto, Zabuza will kill Tatsuno-san.
Tatsuno-san...
Sakura can't handle it alone.
I have an idea.
Why don't we watch how young people fight?
And you're wearing a mask.
So you're still friends with Zabuza, aren't you?
How dare you deceive us like that?
I'm sorry.
But even your sensei said...
...that deceiving and using the weak in the enemy's place is a ninja's function.
So don't be offended by me.
But you don't have such abilities either.
A mask?
Don't think I forgot about you.
It's not a mask.
I thought you couldn't see him.
But he's sitting there.
I hoped you'd give up easily.
But it seems it won't happen, right?
Okay, let me finish you off first.
Hey!
Naruto-kun, we'll finish you off later.
What is he doing here?
He's here.
It looks like the original is there.
I'm here.
He moved.
How?
Sasuke-kun!
Sasuke!
What was that?
Sasuke's body was covered with wounds.
How did he do that?
What kind of technique is he using?
If you try to understand, there are clones in the mirrors and all of them are casting a thousand eagles at the same time.
No, he's acting much faster.
Why can't I even notice the trajectory of his weapon's movement?
Besides, even if you assume that this is an ordinary cloning technique,
it's still not clear why these ice mirrors are necessary.
No matter what, there's no doubt that these mirrors play a key role in his attacks.
All we can do now is attack from both sides.
From the outside and from the inside.
We need to understand the purpose of these mirrors.
I'm coming!
Wait a minute!
I'm going to attack from the inside.
And there's nothing left for Naruto to try to attack from the outside.
I came to help you!
What's wrong with you, Sasuke?
What is he going to do, causing trouble for his allies and not his enemies?
You're a fool out of fools!
If you're a Shinobi, then act more carefully!
What's wrong with you? I actually came to save you!
But what if you also got into the mirrors?
Damn it! Okay, here's an idiot!
Idiot? Who's an idiot? Answer me!
But how? This is our unpredictable ninja number one.
He'll come to help and even further deepen the situation.
Well, if that's the case, I'll break these mirrors into shards!
Katon!
What are you going to do?
These mirrors are made of icy water.
And if that's the case, then...
Gokai Utenjutsu!
Fireball technique!
It didn't work at all!
We won't be able to melt this ice with such little firepower.
We'll have to try again.
Damn it!
From which side is he attacking?
Clones?
Where's the real one?
It's useless to try to keep an eye on me.
It's impossible to catch me.
It's a shadow clone technique!
Don't!
If that's the case, I'll find out which of them is the real one,
after killing all the others!
The essence of this technique is in the movements,
in which I use reflections in the mirrors that reflect only me.
If you look at it from the point of view of my speed,
you practically don't move at all.
As I thought.
That means this technique is passed down from generation to generation.
Passed down from generation to generation?
Like my Serengan.
Deep blood connection.
Great, solid genealogy.
A variety of techniques that are passed down only from the ancestors.
But back then...
Yes. Even for me it's impossible to copy this technique,
and there are absolutely no ways to oppose it.
Damn it!
How?
What is this?
Do I have to die here?
Despite the fact that I have a dream,
which I definitely need to fulfill!
To make everyone in the village recognize my power!
The dream is to become Hokage!
A dream?
What a pitiful boy!
Nobody needs a baby like you.
You will die without knowing your freedom and dreams.
Uncle,
do you have the same eyes as mine?
Yes.
Uncle,
do you have the same eyes as mine?
It's difficult for me to become a real Shinobi.
And if I become one,
I don't want to kill you,
and I don't want to be killed by you.
But if you turn against me,
I will have to cut my heart with a blade and become a Shinobi.
This bridge is the place of battles that connect different dreams.
Please, don't blame yourself for your dreams,
and blame me for mine.
I want to protect my dear person.
I work for this person,
fighting for him.
I want to make his dreams come true.
This is my dream.
For this, I will become a Shinobi.
And I will kill you.
I want to protect my dear person.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to protect my dear person.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
I want to make his dreams come true.
That's right.
It's dangerous.
Not bad at all.
SAMU b o il
Okay, Sasuke, let's get out of this place and go to Kakae-sensei's Mars.
I have a bad feeling about this.
Sensei, Sakura-chan, please hold on until we get there.
Next episode, Battle of the Four Seas Zero, Sharingan Kuzushi.
I will win again.
