Naruto
Naruto
It seems that we got rid of almost all the dead ends.
So, the main question.
45 minutes have passed, let's start.
So, now I will ask the 10th question.
Here it is, I have nothing left to hope for, only for him.
The decisive moment, the tension in response to the 10th question.
I'm tired.
Well, finally, the last peak.
Kuro, come back quickly.
If he is now predicted, then everything, so that the idea does not lose meaning.
Yes.
Before you ask him something else.
Before you ask the last question, allow me to add a little rule regarding the answer to it.
To him.
What luck, isn't it?
It seems that your dolls did not disappear in vain.
So he bit the bait with Karasu.
Okay, sit down.
Okay.
So, I guess I'll start.
This is the rule that can throw you into despair.
All for life.
Well, after all, if I do not become subordinate, then I will have nothing to do at all.
Okay, of course, you will immediately find something to do.
Why?
They say that this year at the first stage of the test, the examiners are Morin and Biki.
But then even the first stage is damn dangerous.
So all of them chose that sadist.
Sadist?
Kurinae.
Kurinae.
You are very recently in the ranks of the Hatsanin, so you may not know yet.
And yet, what kind of person is he?
He is a professional.
Professional?
In what?
In torture and interrogation.
What?
Although there is no torture for the physical body in this exam,
but applying their skills of interrogation, they will already make them experience psychological suffering,
there is no doubt about it.
Here is who is the dark part of the Konoha village,
commander of the torture and interrogation unit, Morin and Biki.
The rule that can throw you into despair?
First you have to choose whether to answer this tenth question or not.
Choose to answer or not answer.
What does it mean to choose?
And if you don't answer this question, what will happen?
If someone decides not to answer, then at the same time his score on the exam will be equal to zero.
That is, disqualification.
Of course, all his team disqualifies with him.
What does it all mean?
Of course, everyone decides that you need to answer.
In addition, there is another rule.
Another rule?
Enough already!
A person who decides to answer, but fails to answer correctly,
is forever deprived of the right to pass the exam.
Is there such an idiotic rule?
In fact, there are people who have already passed the TUNIN exam several times.
Looks like you're just not lucky.
This year I decide.
This is the rule.
But haven't you been given the opportunity to go back?
Those who are not confident in themselves, you can safely choose not to answer
and you can come to pass the exam next year or two years later.
What does it all mean?
If one decides not to answer, then all three will not pass the exam with him.
If you decide to answer the question, but someone fails to answer it correctly,
this person will remain a genius for the rest of his life.
It is terribly difficult to make any decision.
It is impossible to make a decision here, having an ordinary psyche.
So let's get started.
Raise your hands those who will not answer this question.
After they call your number, get out of here.
I wonder what kind of question this is.
Damn it, if I make a mistake, I'll be a genius for the rest of my life.
I don't want to do this at all.
But if I choose not to answer now, then together with me they will disqualify Sasuke Isakura.
I will not raise my hand, because I am sure that if I choose to answer, I will answer correctly.
But...
Naruto, this is not for you.
Don't pay attention to us.
We will calmly accept you and will prepare for the next time.
I...
I...
I'm leaving. I will not answer.
Number 50 is disqualified.
Numbers 130 and 111 are disqualified.
Together with him.
I'm sorry.
Genai.
Inahou.
Damn it.
Me too.
Me too.
Me too.
Me too.
Naruto.
Why don't you raise your hand?
What is he doing?
I'm a super elite ninja, and in any case I will become Hokage.
So remember my name.
Utsumaki Naruto.
Shut up!
I am determined to make any effort to become Hokage.
I will surpass Hokage, and everyone in the village will know about me.
Remember that.
He was repeating all the time, like a cartoon.
Hokage, Hokage.
I'm sorry, Naruto.
It seems that I don't want your dream to fall apart.
I'm sorry.
This is it!
He...
This Ibiki knows all the thoughts and is completely orientationuk out of human mind.
Then he finds things that man is afraid of the most
and, morally sticking him to the wall, begins to manipulate them and cause him pain.
The initial fears that a person has, he forces them to float out.
Don't test me! I'm not a scoundrel!
I'll respond to him, even if I stay a genie for the rest of my life!
I don't care about it, because I, thanks to my own persistence, will still become Okabe!
I'm not scared at all!
Well, this idiot never thought about us, so I'll hold back from commenting.
Well, yes, I recognize you and your insolence.
I'll ask again.
This is the choice of your whole life, and if you changed your mind, now is the time to say it.
I don't change your decision so quickly!
This is my path to the Sinobi!
Interesting little one.
In one moment he spread all the anxiety among these guys.
78 people, that means there's more than I expected, but...
If I don't get rid of them now, it won't change anything.
You made the right decision.
So, everyone who is left here now, I must say...
...that you have passed the first stage of the exam.
What does all this mean?
They took it so suddenly and gave it up?
And what about the tenth question?
It wasn't there from the very beginning.
You could say that your choice was the tenth question.
Wait!
What were the nine questions before that?
They turned out to be absolutely useless!
Not useless.
These nine questions have already fulfilled their goal.
Their goal was to test your ability to collect information.
My ability to collect information?
The main feature of this test is that this system allows you to judge whether you can act in a team of three people, as prescribed by the rules at the very beginning.
In this way, this system should have caused you internal tension due to the awareness that you will be a burden to your comrades.
I thought it was exactly such a test.
Liar!
However, the questions of this test are not provided for decision-making at your level, the level of geniuses.
Therefore, of course, the following should have happened.
Almost all of you here made the conclusion that in order to save your points, you need to cheat.
In other words, this test itself was a pre-sale for cheating.
Therefore, we have placed two tuners among you in advance, who knew the answers to all the questions in order for you to use them as the goal of your traps.
What is this?
I struggled so hard to find these guys.
Yes, this is a damn thing.
Ha-ha-ha!
This is a damn thing!
This is a damn thing!
This is a damn thing!
This is a damn thing!
This is a damn thing!
Ha-ha-ha!
It was obvious!
It would be strange not to notice these guys.
Isn't that right, Hinata?
You didn't really notice anything, did you?
But those people who made clumsy attempts at cheating, of course, were kicked out.
Why?
Because information from time to time can be valued more than life.
And on missions or on the battlefield, it can be obtained only at the cost of life.
Horrible.
Deep scars from burns, cuts, traces of torture.
Information received from the enemy or from the third person can no longer be reliable.
I want you to learn the following.
To get wrong information means to be hit by a destructive blow to your comrades or the village.
Therefore, we forced you to resort to fraud under the name of information collection.
Thus, we have clearly sown the worst of you.
That's the way it is.
But I still can't understand the essence of the last question.
But how?
It was this tenth question that was the main question of this stage of the exam.
And what does it mean?
I'll try to explain.
The tenth question is the choice of giving up or not giving up.
It is not even worth saying how painful it is to choose from these two options.
The person who decided not to answer immediately disqualified with two comrades on the team.
The one who chose to answer, who was unable to do this, is not always losing the right to pass the exam.
In fact, the question that leads to the dead end.
Well, let's get distracted from this choice for now.
Let's imagine for a while that you are tuners.
The goal of the task is to capture a secret document.
The number of enemy ninjas, their level, whether they have weapons is absolutely unknown.
Moreover, it is possible that they have traps that they have planted all around.
How to get there?
To go to this task or not to go?
If life is expensive, if the lives of comrades will be threatened, will you prefer to avoid this task?
The answer is no.
No matter how dangerous the bet is, there are also tasks from which it is impossible to refuse.
First of all, it is important here to be able to show comrades an example of courage and the ability to overcome difficulties.
It is on these principles that tuners, who are in fact the commanders of the detachments, should rely.
And people who cannot risk their lives at a critical moment,
shudder in their hearts, saying that there is still a year to go,
changing this very moment to an uncertain future, continue to miss their chance.
I am convinced that such fools, who have nothing but such a low degree of determination,
do not have the qualities to become tuners.
You can safely say that you answered the difficult question 10 without refusing to answer it.
I am sure that even further you will be able to face the difficulties that will meet you in the future.
You broke through the entrance door.
The first stage of the exam for the selection of tuners is over.
I wish you all the best and so on.
Yes! I wish! Yes! Yes! Hooray!
Interesting guy.
What happened?
Only you are not yet.
Hey you! Why did you have fun?
I am your second examiner, not Tarassi Anko.
Moving on to the next stage.
Please follow me.
You catch the atmosphere.
Naruto reminds me ...
Is this an examiner?
78 people? You left as many as 26 units.
This time the first stage was too simple.
This time there are a lot of excellent guys.
Okay.
At the next second stage I will leave less than half.
I will leave less than half.
You are trembling.
I will explain in detail tomorrow, since the place will change.
Ask your zyunin sensei about him and about the time of the performance.
That's all. Go away.
To pass with absolutely clean paper.
Utsumaki Naruto is a really interesting little one.
Where are we?
Forbidden area for passage.
You are at the second stage of the exam.
44th stage of practice.
Its other name is the forest of death.
Forest of death?
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
It's a forest of death.
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Bye!
