Hey, it's dangerous here, fly away, fly, fly away from here,
Falka, you haven't died yet, we're retreating, hold on,
Falka, what's the situation?
Avangard Eldians have fallen, after the bombing, there is almost no one left,
and the trench? So we can't, we can't dig anymore,
we can't, who said that? Since when do Eldians command here?
Hey, throw it away, I dare not order Commander Magato, but after all, at such a pace ...
Falko, you're kind of lost, you're probably very attached, we've been fighting for four years,
do you remember that? Who are you? I just flew on some things with two swords,
such a roar on the giant, well, it seems that you will have to introduce him to the course of the matter again,
listen carefully, Falko, we are going to put an end to the four-year war if we take the fort of glory,
more precisely, if we flood the fleet of the Middle Eastern alliance that is located behind it,
this war will end with the unspoken victory of Marley, but if we do not take the hill on which the fort of glory is located,
we will not be able to attack the port, and why would the fleet of Marley not attack themselves?
Sofia, this fleet is useless, these idiots have been fighting off the sea control for four years,
and half of their ships have managed to get lost, and now these same cowards claim that they will not
attack until we capture the hell of the fort, what the hell are you? Falko's head is about to burst now,
oh sorry, wait, we are candidates for the war, why did we go to the front? This is part of the test,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
eh
I can't believe my eyes
I am veryzy
wa Теперь
wa
Wow
Wow
Wow
Episode 1. The other side of the ocean.
An armored giant.
I wonder who they will choose.
Come on, Gabby.
Do you really think that there are no worthy candidates besides you?
Do they really exist?
Well, where are we going, Gabby?
But we still have higher grades.
No, the grades don't have anything to do with it, Uda.
I've already explained.
My advantage is in front of you.
This is decisiveness.
I am ready to lead the Ildians.
I will destroy the demons on that island.
And our suffering will come to an end.
I will bring victory in this war.
And then everything will be fine.
I can't lose.
I have to get our people out of the ghetto.
Hey, why do you need this thing?
You'll see.
Nothing will come out, Commander Magat.
No matter how hard the infantry tries,
they can't destroy the railroad under the fire of a machine gun.
We can't do it.
We can't do it.
We can't do it.
The railroad under the fire of a machine gun.
They dug deep.
We can't break through.
And at any moment the fort artillery can open fire on us.
If we continue to stand here,
the shells will fall on our heads.
Then suggest your plan, Colt.
Let's let the transporter go.
Goliath and Peek will solve the problem.
These two will immediately blow up the trenches together with the Dota.
It won't work.
We can't play the Cossacks right now.
Commander Magat, he's here.
The one?
Yes.
Armored train.
Four wagons are equipped with advanced weapons.
Alliance development.
Gigantoboin cannon.
They shoot with 150 mm armor-piercing shells
capable of destroying the bodies of giants.
Even any of the nine.
But both of our giants are pretty fast.
They won't hit us in the back of the head.
What if they hit us?
In that case, we'll lose two warriors.
And their power of giants may not come back to us.
Right.
It's like the operation on the return of the founder's giant nine years ago.
Then we lost a female Ossip and a colossal one.
When people doubted Marley's combat power,
we had to start this war and postpone the operation on Paradis Island.
You know what makes our homeland a superpower?
The power of giants.
Right. If we keep losing them, Marley will soon fall.
The power of giants is absolute.
This truth must be learned by all.
The Jewish detachment, get ready for the attack.
Commander Bogat, but...
What's the matter, Jews?
These warriors swore allegiance to the great Marley.
This is their chance to give honor to their homeland.
In this battle, eight hundred Jews will become heroes.
Mother of nature, everything is alive, but the joy is afraid.
Everybody, stop!
Get ready for the attack!
Come on, get up!
You, the Illdite detachment, are forced to attack the railroad and destroy it.
Your mortals must infiltrate the Dota and neutralize the machine guns.
Listen, this is your chance to atone for your sins in front of our great homeland.
Your worthless lives will become part of Marley's history.
Prove that you are worthy!
Yes!
Candidates are warriors.
Wait for the order.
The rest of the Illdite infantrymen must destroy the railroad at any cost.
And while this armored train is on the move,
the beast-like and armored men will not be able to complete their mission.
But...
Colt, you, as the heir to the beast-like,
must learn to command and make the right decisions.
Great. If we're lucky, we'll destroy the train.
Sir, let me try.
Ta-da!
With this, I can neutralize the armored train on my own.
Hey, Gobby!
You know how much resources went into your training, right?
That's true. Falco is not as good as me with the rest.
Perhaps there will be no more such a talented warrior in the world.
Besides, you're so nice.
However, if I manage, we won't have to lose eight hundred soldiers.
What if we don't?
We'll only lose a potential warrior.
And these seven hand grenades.
And still, if I'm worth more to you than eight hundred Illdite soldiers,
then so be it.
I'm ready to accept the fact that for the sake of love for me,
you're ready to sacrifice as many as eight hundred...
All right, go.
Don't, Gobby.
I promise I'll prove that I'm worthy of inheriting the power of the armored giant.
What are you doing?
For the sake of the implementation of the plan,
I ask for permission to remove the distinguishing sign.
All right.
Hey, there's someone coming.
Alone.
It's a girl.
She's very small.
It seems she wants to give up.
No, wait.
What if she's an Illdite?
Actually, yes.
She's kind of strange.
She's dragging something on her leg.
All right, she's definitely an Illdite.
Kill until she turns around.
Are you a fool?
You have a gun, you shoot.
Damn it.
What's going on?
It's too early.
It's too early.
It's too early.
She's not moving.
Shoot anyway.
Now it's time.
She did it.
Goliath, move out.
Damn Marley cowards.
People like you deserve to die.
Gabi.
Wait, Falco.
Goliath.
The armored train is destroyed.
Start the descent operation.
We act according to the plan.
Zeke is our sword, and Reiner is our shield.
Sounded by Anilibria.TV
Sounded by Anilibria.TV
It hurts.
Why did you shoot a noble Marley cow?
What are you doing, Falco?
Can't you see?
He's wounded and can't fight.
Uda, give me the bandages.
Take this.
You fool, the enemies are not worthy of life.
Rishel hid the bandages.
He's not worthy of life.
He's not worthy of life.
He's not worthy of life.
He's not worthy of life.
He's not worthy of life.
Rishel is trying to trick me.
You think if you follow the international law,
you'll inherit the power of the giant?
It won't help you.
I don't know.
You're strange.
He said something.
Translate it, Uda.
Tell him I saved his life.
Don't touch me.
You're not clean.
Demon.
And so on.
Back off!
Faster!
Get away from the fort!
Or he'll catch us!
It's started.
Look.
What is it?
What is it?
What is it?
What is it?
What is it?
Don't!
Stop!
Stop!
Demons.
All in their own color.
Just like our ancestors died a long, long time ago.
The Aldi devils devoured them.
The bomb went through successfully, but we were too high. Half of the giants were destroyed.
Most of the giant-bombed guns are still in order.
28, 29. It seems to have remembered everything.
Well, the wall again. How did they get it?
Stalem!
Armored! Kill him!
Fire!
Giant-bombed shell. Even my armor couldn't stand it.
What? Where from?
Armored train? Another one?
Armored train.
Bilyard! Bite the bastard!
Bilyard!
Got it.
The fort is captured.
Don't forget that this war started because of us, Reiner.
War is always bad.
Finally, this war will end.
What?
War is always bad.
War is always bad.
War is always bad.
War is always bad.
War is always bad.
War is always bad.
War is always bad.
The full loss of the fleet forced the Alliance to sign a peace treaty with Marley.
After a long four years, the Marley people won.
But the world realized that one of the forces of the giants was not enough to rule the whole world.
The Marley people realized that they couldn't delay the return of their forefathers.
Impossible!
Thanks to the incredible bravery of the Marley soldiers, Fort Slava was destroyed.
We won!
The Marley army is the best in the world!
Thank you for watching!
The power of the giants is not absolute.
The Marley people have to admit it.
The warriors rejoice in their victory and return to their native Liberia.
Next, the train at night.
