Will I be able to become a hero without a miracle?
You will be able to become a hero.
My miracle is passed on from the previous owners to the next.
And have one for all.
One person accumulates experience and strength and passes it on to the next owner, who repeats the same.
This concentrated power unites the voices of those who need help.
With a brave heart.
And now...
You will be the next.
Now 80% of people all over the world have miracles of their own birth.
To fight the villains who use their miracles to commit crimes, a hero's profession was created.
My name is Midoriya Izuku.
I fulfilled my dream by entering the U.A. academy, where I continued to pursue my dream.
Together with my friends, we are going to the same goal.
To save people with a smile on their face.
And become the greatest of heroes.
Right.
This is my Heroic Academy.
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
And now...
My Heroic...
He's standing in a victorious take!
I can't believe that it's his last fight.
Stop looking at this figure, get the files and fit in one.
Roger!
The name of the Heroic Hero is all-bearing.
He was the partner of the genius David Shilde and with his help he got to the center of attention all over the world.
It was after coming back to Japan that he founded his own agency
and became unique to vemichiru, of all heroes, and who symbolize the world.
It won't work! It won't work!
Nobody will buy our newspaper with such an opaque article.
We need something that no one has ever seen before.
We will release the last article about the completion of the career of the Almighty.
The entire environment of the Almighty is very... inaudible.
So talking is your job.
What about the villain with whom the Almighty fought?
The police hide all kinds of information about him.
Is it known that he was the leader of the League of Villains from the underground?
The story won't just fall into your hands.
Go find it and take it.
Come on.
The editor-in-chief is not as nice as he is angry.
Don't tear your nerves.
Stay beautiful.
Oh, this is Taitane.
Long time no see.
The editor-in-chief.
I have a great story.
You will be next.
What do you think these words mean?
I beat your leader.
Now you're next.
I think they were intended for another villain.
Don't you think the villain will have to say something like...
You're next, you bastard.
He could say something like that.
What are you hinting at?
Four months ago, the Almighty decided to become a teacher at the UA Academy,
realizing that he had exhausted himself as a hero.
If you think about it, his words will be next.
Really?
Yes.
The Almighty is looking for a successor so that he can take his place among the students of the UA.
No, I'm more than sure that he has already chosen someone.
And you already have an idea about who it is.
At first I thought it was Agata from the big three of the UA.
It's not in vain that he is the first assistant of the Sir Night Eye agency.
I would also think about him.
However, it became known that the Almighty and the Night Eye parted on an unpleasant note.
And there is no fact that they began to communicate again.
Maybe they are doing this secretly?
This is quite acceptable, but I also have other thoughts.
I found out that the Almighty pays the most attention to the voice 1A.
Class 1A?
One of them is interested in the Almighty?
In any case, I think so.
But the UA has increased the security measures, after all, the gang of villains attacked them twice.
A free journalist like me will never be allowed to take an interview.
I understand you.
I'll pull a few strings.
However, of course, this will be the headline of your newspaper.
But don't forget to pay me.
An article about Class 1A.
A newspaper?
Yes, journalists want to make an article about you all.
Cool, Deco!
Well, yes.
Too close.
It's embarrassing.
I wonder why.
The sports festival was broadcast all over the country.
Nina, we'll get into the newspaper.
We need to look the best.
Exactly.
You don't have to try hard, Hagakure.
Don't even think about it.
The article will be about the life of students in the dormitory, which you recently settled in.
The director decided that your parents and staff should see that you are all happy to live in the dormitory.
Therefore, he personally gave permission.
What do you think, is this a woman reporter?
A woman speaker?
This is for the newspaper.
This is for the newspaper.
I hope she doesn't have a elastic chest and all that.
And you better not think about something like that.
Well, why are you so, Teacher Aizawa?
I want to interview students during their normal lives.
Mr. Tokuda, I did not allow you to enter.
I was told that I can be here from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.
The time has passed.
Hello everyone, I'm Tokuda, a journalist.
Thank you for your hospitality.
Nice to meet you.
You don't have to do anything special.
Don't pay attention to the camera and behave as usual.
I will sometimes ask you questions.
I count on your help.
Wow, I don't like him.
This is not even a woman.
And what should I do?
My beauty blinds all the shots.
Well, you give, Aoyama.
I'm sure you've already heard from the director.
Don't stop me from making a report.
I want to.
I understand you.
Let me know if you need something.
I hope I don't need anything.
After all, every student in your class is a future hero.
And yes, if there are any problems, let me know.
Got it?
I got you!
As class 1A representative, I will fulfill my duty.
Okay, let's...
Guys, what's the schedule now?
Breakfast!
Don't be so nervous.
Just imagine that I'm not there.
This journalist is hiding something.
It's unlikely it's something bad.
Let him do what he wants.
Stay calm.
Let's focus.
I
I
The first on the list is Aoyama Yu-Ga.
His charm is the laser from the butt.
Number 2 is Asha Domina.
Her charm is the secretion of acid all over the body.
Number 3 is Asu-Itsuo.
Her charm is copying the abilities of a frog.
Number 4 is Iida Tenya.
He is the second son of the Iida family.
His charm helps him move very quickly.
Number 5 is Uraraka Ochako.
Her charm makes things weightless.
Number 6 is Ojiro Amashirao.
His charm is the strong tail, which he freely controls.
Number 7 is Kaminaridenki.
His charm is capable of accumulating and releasing electricity.
Number 8 is Kirishima Eijiro.
His charm strengthens the body.
Number 9 is Koda Koji.
His charm is the control of living creatures.
Number 10 is Satorikido.
His charm strengthens the body by processing sugar.
Number 11 is Shoji Mezo.
His charm is the additional limbs, which have different functions.
Number 12 is Jiro Kiyoko.
Her charm allows you to catch any sound and create destructive sound waves.
Number 13 is Seiro Hanta.
His charm is the tape control.
Number 14 is Takayami Fumikage.
His charm is the shadow of an uncontrollable monster.
Number 15 is Todoroki Shota.
His charm allows you to control both flight and fire.
Number 14 is Tatsuo Kiyoshi.
His charm allows you to control both flight and fire.
His charm allows you to control both flight and fire.
Number 16 is Haka Guretoru.
Her charm is invisibility.
Die!
Number 17 is Bakugou Katsuki.
His charm is the explosive nitroglycerin.
Number 18 is Midoriya Izuku.
His charm strengthens his physical abilities.
Number 19 is Mineta Minoru.
His charm creates sticky balls.
Number 20 is Yowai Rozumomo.
His charm creates non-organic objects from his body.
Number 20 is Yowai Rozumomo.
His charm creates non-organic objects from his body.
In class 1, 20 students are being trained.
I got permission to report to them.
But how do you plan to calculate the recipient?
For example, to 6 finalists of the sports festival.
I will consider them first.
I said so.
But someone stands out especially strongly.
It was a simple method of exclusion.
Bakugou Katsuki's charm is already strong enough to be a professional.
But in middle school he said that he would surpass the omnipotent.
So it's hard to imagine him as the successor of the omnipotent.
The student who took part in the competition,
Tadaroki Shota, can also be excluded.
Because his father is the number 2 hero, a hard worker.
I don't think he will let his son become the successor of the omnipotent.
Ladiya is making a move.
Those who took the following places,
Fumikage Takayama, Iida Tenya and Kirishima Eijiro,
are not.
All my instincts say that it's him.
Midoriya Izuku.
Hi.
The omnipotent.
He is the one who will become the next omnipotent.
The symbol of the world.
It was voiced especially for Gym Club.
The site of the VK group is vk.com slash gymfans.
Also, subscribe to the Twitch channel.
Twitch.tv slash gym club.
What happened, omnipotent?
I went to the hospital for a regular examination.
And on the way back, I was very hungry.
And then...
omnipotent!
You helped me a lot.
Let me thank you as a resident of this city.
Do you want meat buns? Yes, take as much as you want.
Take the zone too. It's raining there.
Don't get wet.
I brought them to share with the whole class.
You, as always, omnipotent, so popular.
Of course.
You are the number one hero.
So much time defending ordinary people,
fighting against villains.
The symbol of the world that saves people with a smile on their face.
You will be the next.
Not so.
Yes.
From tomorrow I will train you again, got it?
And I can't ask for more.
You work hard.
Will you train before dinner too?
Well, yes.
It smells delicious.
These are meat buns. Do you want one?
What?
Are you also a fan of the omnipotent?
Anyone in my generation is a fan of the omnipotent.
He's so cool that it blinds.
It also inspires.
I wonder, do you know about the explosion
in the industrial complex 18 years ago?
Of course I know.
The omnipotent managed to save all 24 workers that day.
My father was one of them.
It was a terrible disaster.
The rescue teams couldn't do anything.
And now everything is fine.
Why?
Because I'm here.
Dad!
I turned on the camera without thinking.
This photo spread in all newspapers.
It not only saved many people from the fire,
but also brought light to my life.
It's my fault that I can't thank him.
Is that right?
The news about the end of his career shocked me.
What will happen to our society
when it will no longer be a symbol of the world?
That's right.
I'm sure the rest of society
is also starting to worry.
It's not easy for this man either.
I'm working on my own strength
after I inherited one of the most omnipotent.
Midoriya.
There's still hope.
What?
You'll be next.
I think my miracle is good enough
to capture beautiful landscapes.
Camera lens?
Lenses?
I can make them anywhere.
Free journalist Okuda Taneo.
Miracle of cameras all over the body.
He can create cameras on any part of the body,
and then print photos in the chest area.
A bunch of sensations.
The last words of the omnipotent after the incident in Kamino.
You'll be next.
As I thought, he told them to you.
When I was studying you, I found a lot in common.
Your miracle is like him.
In middle school, you tried to save Bakugo from the villain.
The omnipotent was the one who saved you then.
You entered the U.A.
and the omnipotent became your teacher right away.
I went to the company of wild cats.
I met with Kota.
Kota?
I confirmed my assumption there.
You are the successor of the omnipotent.
Well, what do you say about my conclusions?
Well, you know...
You can't lie, can you?
Okay.
You behave like a real hero.
Guys, it's time for dinner.
Let's go, Machako.
Is Deku still training?
I wonder what they're talking about.
Well, you know, I...
You don't have to worry about it.
I don't want to write an article without serious evidence.
I'm sorry I came here under a false pretext.
I didn't plan to find out about the life of U.A. students.
I'm sorry for that.
But I had to find out
if there is still hope.
Mr. Tokuda, I don't want to give extra kindness
to those who are worried about this.
However, I can proudly say
that even without the omnipotent,
we still have hope.
I'm sorry if I made you feel awkward,
but thank you.
Yes.
Besides...
What?
What's there?
I want to keep this photo in my heart.
Until I publish my book about you.
As for the title, let me think.
Young years of the new symbol of the world.
What do you say?
I'll do everything I can to write it.
Good luck to you, hero.
Yes!
His stay is not over yet,
but Mr. Tokuda left without saying goodbye to the class.
I felt how important the heritage was to me.
But even in this case, I...
Deku, let's go to dinner!
Oh, sorry.
Deku, what were you talking about with this reporter?
Well, you know, how to say...
I can feel the meat.
Oh, this? The Almighty brought us a bun.
He said to share with everyone.
Buns? Come on, hurry up, or they'll get cold.
Exactly.
People, we have meat buns. The Almighty brought them.
Thank you.
Welcome back, Tane.
So, how did it go? Tell us, who is the successor of the Almighty?
Sorry.
It looks like I made the wrong conclusion.
Damn, we wasted too much time.
I'm sorry, Ms. Editor.
Perhaps this is a bad compensation,
but I got something else.
The Almighty heroically eats a meat bun.
It's so cute! Great!
Glory to Tane! Let's make it out of this puzzle.
I'm sorry.
Almighty, are you cold in the summer?
Don't infect me, look.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
It's a complicated worry
about the end of the Almighty's career.
Over time, it will turn into a terrible reality
and become the beginning of great events.
This is a preview.
The first-class students are looking for a place for summer work.
While others are quietly moving in the dark.
Shigaraki Tomura from the League of Villains.
Shigaraki Tomura from the League of Villains.
Shigaraki Tomura from the League of Villains
will meet a mysterious person.
What have they come up with?
In the next episode,
the Recoverer will rise again for a new battle.
Go beyond the limits! Plus Ultra!
