On this day, Kachan and Todoroki will go through the training to get a license.
Hey!
Hey!
Oh, what do we have here?
Hot guys!
I'm already going crazy.
You can have a great training.
Kami, this is below your dignity.
Students of Shiketsu should not behave like this.
Meat, didn't you fall in the first half?
I got permission to watch.
Go home, meat.
I'll ask Shishikura Seiji.
Well, the time has come.
Yes.
Let's make today's training more difficult.
Shishikura Seiji
Shishikura Seiji
Shishikura Seiji
Shishikura Seiji
Shishikura Seiji
Todoroki, listen, what's your favorite food?
Soba. Cold.
Cold soba is just a meal.
But don is the best.
We have different tastes.
Yes, but at the same time they are similar.
As I said before, we should not build friendship forcibly.
How the meat annoys me.
So, today we will train in this gym.
Recently I started to be afraid to sleep.
My name is Mera. I'm glad I'm here with you.
Things are bad.
One more moment before we start.
Before, the courses were for 10 people.
But today you will be 11.
Let's take the first row, huh?
It's easier to see everything from there.
Let's sit where we won't stand out.
I don't want to distract everyone.
Shoto!
You have no place here.
Show them your true strength.
It can't be.
This is Starate. Number two.
No, hero number one.
Seriously, why is he here?
Starate.
From the road.
Don't stand in my way.
Wait.
Next to Starate.
What?
All-powerful?
Well, now we are all in sight.
What are they doing here?
Cool shadow.
Wow.
After all, you are a U.A. teacher.
Please, guys, calm down.
Continuing our conversation.
Today she will join you.
I'm a second-year student from Shiketsu.
Call me Cami.
She is the same as you.
She went through to the second round.
And she was listed in the training group.
But in the last few days she has experienced some failures in memory.
Therefore, she could not attend the previous training.
They allowed me to resign.
I am very grateful.
I think we will have fun.
For the sake of our acquaintance.
Hello everyone.
What did she just say?
Cami is a complete fool.
Let's call her optimistic.
That is why she became their goal.
Given her character and manner, she reached us for a long time.
I failed.
But I don't even remember how I participated.
And I slept for four whole days.
Lol, I'm so sleepy.
Her unusual communication with her friends only confirmed this.
As well as the substance found in her blood.
And the evidence of U.A. students only pours oil into the fire.
Did someone really replace her on that day?
A gang of villains.
And I didn't even notice that one of my friends was replaced.
I'm so sorry.
The police with the heroes also failed.
We must take measures as soon as possible.
In connection with the absence of the symbol of peace.
And now I will ask you to continue.
Gang?
So you were brave enough to come here.
That exam was a child's game.
Only a real loser could fail it.
He knows how to spoil the mood.
He doesn't understand it himself.
He has no respect for everyone.
Studying the past training, I came to one conclusion.
You don't even fit the plankton.
What kind of heroes are you?
Bullshit.
Sir, there is a sir.
I can't hear you.
Sir, there is a sir.
What is it?
He scares.
And it concerns you twice.
Are you going to be a hero?
Let's start with the fact that I'm not shit.
You violate.
How can such shit save people at all?
But directly as an approval and ...
You violate.
You violate.
Do you think people will respect you only for a little bit of strength and mobility?
Sir, there is a sir.
You violate.
I know that you three are strong in battle.
But that's all you can imagine.
Your disrespectful attitude towards the survivors
and the decision of your personal disagreements against others.
Today I have prepared a special test for you.
What you lack most is the heart.
Do you think everyone will be able to help you without even thinking?
Never.
Even if they resist.
If their life is in danger, you must save them.
Save and be saved.
This is a mutual agreement of two hearts.
Now conquer this peak in this battle of life and death.
Prove that you are capable of conquering the heart.
This is your test.
Hooray! Heroes!
Children, wait.
First you need to say hello.
Stupid! Grenades are so stupid!
Hey, listen to what I'm saying!
These are students from the original school of Masagaki.
Teacher, can you leave the children to us?
We'll take care of them.
Thank you very much.
What kind of battle is this?
Guys, Takuta is crying because of him.
Don't hurt him, grenade-man.
Good night.
Yes, a familiar situation.
Adults who only point and never listen to others.
They think that everything should be the way they want.
But it won't work for me.
What's wrong with him?
Hey, what's this?
What's this?
What's this?
What's this?
Is this pee?
Ah, this is...
Pee, pee, pee, pee!
This is not pee.
This is for the first aid when...
How much?
This is pee, right?
You have only five pieces.
A hero with five pee?
A man with five pee?
Stupid!
Stupid, stupid, stupid!
I'm stronger than you, stupid!
I will never become like this.
Where are you going, you idiot?
Hey, do you hear me?
Oh, damn, I got distracted again.
And what am I doing here?
It's a special case.
We couldn't check you on the real test.
It seems that you will not pass it.
What are you talking about?
You are so rude.
Quiet, quiet.
After all, I love children.
Ouch!
Stop seducing Sho.
Ignore, ignore, ignore.
Ah, so they are already at this age.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
There are a lot of problematic children in my class.
No matter what I say, they don't even listen.
And they have already caused you so many problems.
Teacher, raise your head.
Sho.
I think these four will be able to change your class for the better.
You four will work together to get the hearts of these children.
Did you decide to make a nanny out of us?
The rest of the time will be held seminars with my teachers, as usual.
Get ready and go.
Sir, yes, sir!
MC can no longer stand inside me.
Music and commentators.
Without this event, the soul is lost.
Well, to be honest, I don't care if he has a soul or not.
When there is such a choice, it is always better to choose what is there, village.
Okay, let's light up this party.
Yeah!
Yes, the battle between children will begin.
Let's hang out together, huh, guys?
Ignore, ignore.
Don't pay attention to this witch.
Let's go.
I see you're watching him in your own way.
So...
You wanted to talk?
To be honest, I don't even know what to say to my teacher.
To be honest, I don't even know what to say to my teacher.
You know, in the last few months, the level of crime has increased by 3% compared to last year.
I...
During all this time, I have eliminated more incidents than anyone else.
Even now, I have more and more tasks.
But still, I feel like something invisible that you have created all these years is slipping away.
Existing number one.
What is this symbol of the world?
Give it back!
It's not a toy, you assholes!
Maybe you shouldn't have taken them off?
They're dangerous, that's why I took them off!
Of course, I understand that we have to get along with them somehow.
But how do we do it?
Everything looks like these guys have no idea what to do with them.
Of course, I don't mind, but this is still training, so don't overdo it.
Okay, okay.
Anyway, what do they do?
Do you have anything to say, teacher?
Yes.
The elementary school is very influential in the development of human personality.
But the difference in pranks affects children.
Of course, we try to support them, give good advice,
but we can't fix everything with one conversation.
Children from this class have completely closed themselves off from us.
I understand that this is completely my fault,
but still, meeting them,
who is trying to achieve their dreams with all their might,
can help them get on the right path.
Then it's time for us to get down to business.
After all, people need our help.
In other words, we just need to make friends with the baby.
Great!
Let's finish playing with them and join normal training.
Apparently, Bakugo doesn't want to waste time.
How will UA's stock of ammunition cope with this?
Since the teacher was unable to become the leader for this class,
these snitches took the initiative on themselves.
Such things don't happen on their own.
Definitely, there is the main thing that creates all this nonsense among this baby.
We need to find him.
And then?
And then we'll beat him up and hang him on the bench.
And we'll make other children throw stones at him.
So, we'll show them their place in the food chain.
We just need to make friends with them, right?
So, Bakugo expressed his unique point of view.
Who is the strongest of you?
Come out and fight!
This definitely won't work!
Your cruel way of thinking is terribly outdated.
It looks like your parents didn't raise you well.
He knows about your upbringing!
Enough! Get out already!
This is, of course, impudent on my part.
But everything will be fine.
Don't worry, he's just showing his character.
Criminals have long been out of fashion.
So what?
Knowing more about each other is the fastest way to make friends.
Which of you wants to become a hero?
And now try Shuketsu's students!
Me!
They're cool!
I'm also super strong!
Most likely, the strongest side of Inase is entertaining the kids.
With his strength, he revives everyone around him.
And now the most interesting part begins.
He also started commenting.
It's so easy to influence him.
Really? Me too!
So your blood is boiling from passion and passion too?
I have no idea what he's talking about, but it seems to work.
The job of a hero is to protect the smiles of people, right?
Can children, who only cause problems to their teachers, become heroes?
I don't think so.
Right, in this case.
But...
It turns out that you can't become a hero either.
After all, you burden teachers and the commission with these training courses.
Right?
He's right!
I had no right to point you in that position!
I'm sorry!
He's a hero to the bone!
And these kids aren't as simple as we thought, right?
That's why we need to use our strength!
Bakugo, you're wrong.
What?
I was raised that way, got it?
I'm sure there's a better way.
That's it?
Then show me your way!
Okay.
I trusted everything.
When I was 20, I was already number two.
And because I climbed so high, I realized...
That I will never reach the top.
If I only needed a title, I would just smile to everyone like you.
But I wanted to become the strongest.
It doesn't look like you at all.
Just answer me!
What is the symbol of the world, right?
To be honest, I don't even know what to say.
I just thought that this country needed a symbol.
I went to this goal with all my might.
A powerful ray of light that can become hope and foresight.
I swore that I would become it and went forward.
When I walked around the city, there was always fear in people's faces.
No matter how many heroes there were, crimes never stopped.
People were more afraid than they are now.
I'm here because I want to help you!
All-powerful!
I ignored the kindness of people around me and pushed them away.
I chose this path.
Your former partner, right?
I understand your situation very well.
And what they say about you.
Many people compare me to you.
It's not that I don't like him.
He just can't be compared to the All-powerful.
All-powerful? What is he doing here?
Cool! This is the All-powerful.
Seriously? Why is he here?
But we are different.
You don't have to follow my footsteps.
You need to find your own path that you can follow.
And now the next one!
A storm of calm in one's face on the road to Shoto!
Shoto!
What?
How is he going to get close to them?
It's worth seeing.
He's a hot guy who loves children.
At this pace, we can get to her level.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The man with five pee-pee is terribly boring.
Forget about him. Let's tease the gorilla.
They are bald to you.
I'll say it again. I'm not bald.
What kind of person am I?
They should know it first.
Otherwise, not a word of my word will reach their hearts.
Don't turn away from the past.
I'm not a man with five pee-pee.
I'm a student of UAE and I want to become a hero.
My name is Shoto.
My father is a hard worker, hero number one.
I've always been offended by him and decided that...
He's reading an autobiography.
Boring.
And they already hate him.
I'm sorry.
Great try, Dodoroki.
Looks like there's no choice left.
Hey.
Looks like the three of you tried to cope with the usual ways.
Maybe we should show them who we are with our wits?
That's what I wanted to say.
Seriously? What a coincidence.
There's a huge abyss between us.
And they seem to like to cause us problems.
To win, you don't just have to reduce the abyss.
We have to jump over it, show them our true strength.
Got it? Great idea.
They're discussing something.
Whatever they do, it's useless.
After all, we already know everything.
Mom, Dad, and all those on TV are talking about it.
Can we rely on these heroes?
Stop it! It's dangerous!
Exactly. We know.
That our generation will be better than yours!
That's what I wanted to see.
Attack from behind!
In the end, all you have to do is not let us go to the top.
Of course, you're not going to make it.
They have serious problems with a bunch of schoolboys.
To react to such rudeness is top-notch.
Who are you?
I see you're not quite familiar with the students from the Shiketsu Academy.
And to make the comments fair, I came to help you.
What?
If they fight seriously, it will only hurt their children's souls.
However, if they give up and give the children victory,
it will make the children even more insolent.
In other words, this situation has come to a standstill.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
These children seriously believe that their wits are much stronger than the heroes.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
These children seriously believe that their wits are much stronger than the heroes.
They are really going to beat them.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
These children seriously believe that their wits are much stronger than the heroes.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
These children seriously believe that their wits are much stronger than the heroes.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
These children seriously believe that their wits are much stronger than the heroes.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
These children seriously believe that their wits are much stronger than the heroes.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
These children seriously believe that their wits are much stronger than the heroes.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
These children seriously believe that their wits are much stronger than the heroes.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
These children seriously believe that their wits are much stronger than the heroes.
I'm sorry, but now is not the time to talk.
Thank you for watching!
